chore(release-plz): release v0.2.38 (#478)
MarcoIeni/release-plz: crates/release_plz/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.2.38](https://github.com/MarcoIeni/release-plz/compare/release-plz-v0.2.37...release-plz-v0.2.38) - 2023-01-22

### Added

> - add new `check-updates` command (#477)
> - warn on old version (#471)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add new `check-updates` command to check if release-plz is up to date (#477) (#471)
```
